Is this a replacement for the current map compile tools? No, this project aims to simplify and "clean up" the source code of the HL map compile tools in order to make it easier to understand how the tools work, as the original codebase is complex and hard to understand. 

How? well,
 - Most of arguments were removed (which ones are still left? look [here](https://github.com/G2Pavon/SDHLT/blob/master/src/common/arguments.cpp))
 -  Replaced macros  `#define` constants with `constexpr`
 -  Using `auto`
 -   Removed old map file version (<220 and QuArK) support
 -   Main() functions was simplified adding a function to handle arguments, removed the function that reads the paras from settings.txt file, also info_compile_parameters support removed
 -  Updated C-style `struct` definition to C++ style
 -  Rearranged `#includes`
 -   Removed `SYSTEM_WIN32` macro and related code (now only linux is supported)
 -  Replaced `malloc` with `new`
   
    It's still difficult to read, but at least there are fewer lines of code. I probably got fucked up some function along the way (for example: read transfer lists file (.inc file) fails when try opening), but it still generates playable bsp maps. (Btw, I'm learning C++ with this project)

is a fork of SHDLT (because is ease build on Linux), which itself is a fork of [VHLT cleaned up](https://twhl.info/thread/view/19644), which in turn is a fork of VHLT, which is a fork of ZHLT, and so on.

### SMCT

| Language       | Files | Blank Lines | Comment Lines | Code Lines |
|----------------|-------|-------------|---------------|------------|
| C++            | 42    | 3334        | 2332          | 28022      |
| C/C++ Header   | 23    | 437        | 204           | 1984       |
| **TOTAL**        | 65    | **3771**    | **2536**      | **30006**  |


### VHLT Clean-up (remove-ifdef + remove-xash)

| Language         | Files | Blank Lines | Comment Lines | Code Lines |
|------------------|-------|-------------|---------------|------------|
| C++              | 51    | 4512        | 3272          | 35487      |
| C/C++ Header     | 33    | 937         | 347           | 4045       |
| **TOTAL**          | 84    | **5449**    | **3619**      | **39532**  |


<sup>SCMT numbers vary from time to time</sup>
<sup>Generated by [cloc](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc) v1.90***</sup>


There is still a lot more "cleaning" to do.
Something I would like to do in the distant future:

Replace C-style data struct by C++ classes

Replace float array[3] with vec3 class

Replace use char arrays to store text by std string (this would simplify map parser a lot)
